you will own nothing and be happy you've
heard this line before but how will it
impact you you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you in today's
video I'm going to explain the Practical
elements of how this is being
implemented right now today you don't
have to wait for a future it's not some
sort of theory I'm going to tell you
about how it's going on at the same time
we also have to talk about the ceiling
there is a ceiling in order to explain
how things happen and the way that we
can see people right now experiencing
inflation there's a ceiling and how they
deal with that let me explain as we look
at Jerome Powell saying to everybody
publicly with a straight face I want to
assure the American people that we are
fully committed to returning inflation
to our 2% goal this is
2024 he's telling everybody that we're
going for a 2% goal here it is in black
and white of course we know that this
isn't the case that they are not going
for 2% and they are trying to inflate
your currency away confetti rains from
the skies why would they do this why
would they actively want to well some
people say that it's because there's a
lot of debt and they want to inflate it
away sure that's that's the fact but if
you look at how much debt there is today
if it's 34 trillion maybe you're
watching this 6 month from now and it's
38 trillion who knows the point here is
that this debt being inflated away
doesn't really help the elite of the
world you see that's who they are
actively trying to support not
necessarily the government and not
necessarily you know wealthier people
the 1% they're trying to help the few
and those few love debt debt is the tool
of control let's dig in a little further
remember the ceiling
okay mil uh Millennials are on course to
become the richest generation in history
why they say generational transfer of
wealth largely built up in the property
Market is going to help them get a lot
of cash their parents are going to go
off the greener pastures and they are
going to be able to reap the rewards of
that um we don't know what that will be
worth at that moment in time and what
are they selling for and anything else
but ultimately there's a lot of cash
there a lot of equity there that's going
to get passed down potentially and so
Millennials will be able to benefit but
what are the prices of homes at that
point uh what how much debt have they
incurred themselves what are they going
to spend that on are they going to burn
it on you know vacations and non flat
screen TVs or something or are they
going to take it and immediately buy
their own home let's say there's two
siblings let's say there's three
siblings they go they split that home
and now what are they doing with it
that's the ultimate question but they're
saying hey they're going to be getting a
lot of cash at this point Millennials
gen Z all all the younger Generations
are not doing well overall because of
the debt load because of how expensive
things are we are seeing people that are
staying at home for longer all right the
that age keeps getting pushed off
they're not getting married that's
getting pushed off everything's getting
pushed off because stuff is too
expensive things culturally you're
changing and and many other reasons as
well look there are people out there
that are willing to pay
$40 for a martini the $40 Martini is in
and it's giving loud luxury loud luxury
so there's a few different
things um what I've seen the different
trends and things loud luxury is the one
that's saying hey I paid $40 for this I
thought there was a little bit of this
with that guy with the salt and you know
they would charge the stakes that were
like something ridiculous $11,000 $1,500
all these different things people would
show their receipts online and say hey
and it wasn't even good that was part of
it I feel it's like I paid $11,000 for
this meal and it wasn't even good it's
like you just burned that money away but
of course that's what we saw was that
2020 time frame I don't know crazy time
anyway but part of that is what we're
seeing here that people are spending
money and they're being loud with it
it's not quiet it's not hidden it's not
hey I'm I'm making money and I'm going
to do my thing and I'm going to build my
business and I'm going to help my family
I'm going to help my neighbors I'm going
to do everything and I'm going to keep
it down low no no all in this case here
it's hey I'm doing this and I'm going
all out I'm going to wear all this
flashy things like look this this this
sweater that I made that says the word
money on
it that I've you could see how worn out
it is yeah we're going L we're going
luxury right here baby all right uh I
don't know but that's what's happening
now some people are living it
up maybe they're using the credit cards
maybe they're using the buy now pay
laters but some people are doing well
well then we have this other side of the
equation Canada just unhinge housing 25
students living in the basement room for
rent with bed in kitchen crazy right but
this is what's going on you've got some
people that are saying hey International
students come in they know the people
obviously through some Channel or
another this is not allowed they bring
them in they say here's the deal you
guys are all in the same circumstance
you're going to live in here and don't
say anything cash under the table that
shows you that something is broken it's
a broken system and there are people
that are willing to spend $40 on a
martini and there are other people that
are basically living side by side now I
know a lot of people back in the day
let's call it 50s and 60s who different
circumstances they were coming over they
were moving into uh Canada and they
would say all right here's the case um
you know you're a new worker into the
country you're going to live in this
place here there's a small fee
associated with that you're going to get
a place to live and if you want a meal
we can do that plan as well here's the
cost and then you're going to go out and
you're going to work in construction
you're going to go work in driving a
truck or whatever the case is and that
happened for a while and those people
then were able to move out and then were
able to afford it that that channel now
the the the chance of you living in
these circumstances and then being able
to move up a level doesn't happen too
often now it's hard to move up a level
very difficult so a lot of people they
they want to maybe I could become a
doctor maybe can become an engineer and
a lawyer and so then I can move up a
level but for most people they can't do
that that doesn't happen and so they end
up becoming what we have in a lot of
developing nations or third world
countries where there's a very very um
big divide in between the halves and the
Have Nots doesn't it sound like some
kind of what we have today and so there
always is this ceiling from what people
are able to
afford
because of course it can only go so far
your money that's being devalued Jerome
Powell I talked to you at the beginning
2%
right it's a little bit more than 2%
isn't
it well they are actively making it more
difficult for you and slowly but surely
they're burning you how does that make
you feel let me know serious how does
that make you feel look at the inflation
levels as you can see potentially a
Resurgence in
inflation how depends how you want to
look at
it are you measuring it month over month
are you measuring year over year are you
measuring it in real terms like all
these things matter but the point is
some levels of inflation how we measure
that have started to go up again and
that is a big concern not just for the
fact that yeah they might have to keep
interest ratees higher for longer as
they've been talking about but it also
is a burden on people and the amount
that they're borrowing uh of course that
that's a problem right and so what
happens is people start making decisions
they start saying hey I got to I got to
do something else because I can't pay
these bills I can't afford this
you could see this women are turning to
robot manicures so they don't have to
tip their Nail Tech all right so the
price of these things apparently had
gone up so places that were charging 25
then started charging 30 then start
charging 35 okay and these are examples
okay I'm just throwing numbers but they
increased it over like 2020 2021 and
Beyond they're like hey let me just try
it and they did it and they got away
with that but of course people are
saying man if I I could do something
else about this I would and so in this
example here they are saying hey a
machine's going to do a pretty good job
for me I might as well just go to the
machine robots robots robots now it's
hot high paying jobs it's not fantastic
stuff right but still if the robot's
going to do a pretty good job like if it
could do a nine out of 10 job why not
why not and I think they were talking
about onethird the cost
so hey what does that mean it means
you're now going to be able to take that
money and put it towards your energy put
it towards your food put it towards your
home maybe put it towards an investment
account if you're if you're not going to
give up on the nail thing totally which
of course that's one thing but just like
we see with the the lipstick when they
talk about lipstick index or lipstick
indicator is basically like hey if
people can't afford something lavish
they'll still willing to buy themselves
something small in the case that they
use example of lipstick hey can make
myself s feel good um so they'll buy
something for their you know $10 $20 I
don't know what it cost but they'll buy
that so in this case here they could
reduce their cost still get what they
want and be able to you know pivot as
they like to say the American southwest
is finally starting to embrace vertical
living and saying building codes are
changing and so on where typically it
would be all single family homes but now
they're saying like if we could squeeze
people together well then we could uh
find more affordable places for people a
lot of the cities are trying to find
affordable housing and that's what
people are doing maybe they want to live
in a single family home but they just
can't do it so we stack them up real
high and so in this case here I would
say uh be mindful of this and watch what
happens in the trends what's going on
co-op housing people
living whether that is an illegal
circumstance or not but the dormatory
living and I've seen people say hey
that's fine people people should live in
dorms other people would would agree
with that they would say I don't think
that's reasonable uh we do what we have
to do obviously but um this is what's
going on so more and more people are
being pushed in smaller smaller
territory it reminds me a lot of like a
Hunger Games type scenario people
getting squeezed in and ending up with
less you will own nothing and be happy
but it doesn't happen the reason you
can't see it is because that it doesn't
happen in one generation a lot of times
it takes like if you look if you really
zoom out you could see what's happening
the world in 2050 so looking out into
the future what do we see what are the
changes robot
workers uh this is basically talking
about um just the changes okay this is
not official let me make that clear okay
what they're talking about here in
article is the suggestion that in Europe
they will basically
say um vehicles that are not electric
vehicles okay internal combustion engine
Vehicles
IC these vehicles we won't allow any
major repairs to be done to them so if
you need a new transmission that's it
car is getting scrapped okay and that's
how they'll pH forcefully phase them out
so they' just be less and less and less
and less and less okay and and that's it
and they'll be doing other things
they'll incentivize people to get the
electric vehicles at the same time that
they'll disincentivize You by putting
taxes on the internal combustion engine
Vehicles you see what they're doing here
you see what's happening here is it
better is it more efficient is it going
to be the best thing in the world right
now A lot of people are realizing hey oh
when the when there's like a really
really cold day uh suddenly that
electric vehicle doesn't doesn't charge
properly
uhoh that's not good okay and what about
when everybody's using the you know the
demand is super high and all that yeah
there's problems and so now they're just
going to force it whether you like it or
not you see that's what's going on at
this time and I think that is a big
concern so watch out for that they're
going for it seemingly whether you like
it or not humanoid robot uh startup
figure AI valued at $2.6 billion Bezos
open Ai and Nidia joined the funding
Microsoft is in on this Brian Johnson is
in on this they're all getting on this
one company very unusual how they're all
doing it I watched the video of this
company if you haven't seen it for
yourself um you know it's it's
interesting it's it's about the same as
the others from what I gathered and what
I what I got uh but it was just
something odd to say the least okay so I
don't know what's going to happen here
with this company but I do see one the
other after the other all getting into
Robotics and Automation and they are
trying actively to replace jobs and so
you will have very little in the end of
this you see what's happening so we go
for the inflation they're creating the
inflation they're trying to do this
intentionally they're putting the
squeeze on people at the same time
you've got to live with less and less
and less and
less what are people able to afford some
people are living the good life at $40
martinis other people they got to go and
get squeezed so there is a ceiling on
this we can see it happening right
before our very eyes and it's going on
today do your best to squeeze your
bottom what I mean by that is any
expenses that you incur that you don't
need get rid of them take that money and
put it where it's needed most at the
same time we want to increase our Top
Line how do we do that I personally
talked about this I have playlists on my
on my YouTube channel you can check it
out
next thing is what I talk about on the
Sunday live session Sunday live sessions
where for two hours every single Sunday
I teach people how to build a business
online that's in my opinion the number
one way that's the that's the number one
way uh you could get into investing we
talked about that on the Friday sessions
as well I hope that you'll join me on
those hit the Thumbs Up Button by the
way I appreciate that when you do check
that link out in the description I break
it down I I have a whole explanation
there of how those things work the
Friday session the Sunday session
there's no contracts or anything uh I
hope that you'll join me on there and of
course I'll see you tomorrow take care